DataSourceSettings: Add servername field to DataSource TLS config (#29279)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/provisioning.md

| tlsAuth                 | boolean | _All_                                                            | Enable TLS authentication using client cert configured in secure json data                  |
| tlsAuthWithCACert       | boolean | _All_                                                            | Enable TLS authentication using CA cert                                                     |
| tlsSkipVerify           | boolean | _All_                                                            | Controls whether a client verifies the server's certificate chain and host name.            |

> | servername              | string  | _All_                                                            | Optional. Controls the server name used for certificate common name/subject alternative name verification. Empty defaults to using the datasource url. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| servername              | string  | _All_                                                            | Optional. Controls the server name used for certificate common name/subject alternative name verification. Empty defaults to using the data source URL. |
```

| graphiteVersion         | string  | Graphite                                                         | Graphite version                                                                            |

> | timeInterval            | string  | Prometheus, Elasticsearch, InfluxDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL and MSSQL  | Lowest interval/step value that should be used for this data source                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timeInterval            | string  | Prometheus, Elasticsearch, InfluxDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MSSQL  | Lowest interval/step value that should be used for this data source                         |
```

| tlsAuth                 | boolean | _All_                                                            | Enable TLS authentication using client cert configured in secure json data                  |
| tlsAuthWithCACert       | boolean | _All_                                                            | Enable TLS authentication using CA cert                                                     |
| tlsSkipVerify           | boolean | _All_                                                            | Controls whether a client verifies the server's certificate chain and host name.            |
| serverName              | string  | _All_                                                            | Optional. Controls the server name used for certificate common name/subject alternative name verification. Empty defaults to using the data

> source URL. |

Reviewer 2: Could it be written "Defaults to using the data source URL" instead? Would make more sense to me than how it's currently written at least.
